(light guitar)
All right, we're gonna go ahead
and complete the assignment.
So the first task that we wanna do
is create the two reactive repositories.
So let's go ahead and take category first,
so I come in here, say New Java Class,
make it an Interface.
So CategoryReactiveRepository, and say OK.
Of course, we'll add that to Git for you guys.
And we do have one here, we're doing findByDescription,
let's come in here, copy that over.
Paste that in, we only want Category
so we don't have to wipe out the import.
Now we don't want Optional here, so this is gonna be
a findByDescription, and we are expecting one back.
So we want to change this to Mono,
so that's inside of the reactive core.
So we have findByDescription,
and now the next thing that we need to here is an extends.
Import that.
Now remember that we need to give it two types.
So we want Category.
And then String, which is our id value.
So that is now created.
And we'll get rid of that import.
And let's go ahead and create our recipe repository too.
So come in here, New Java Class.
And in this case here,
we didn't implement any additional methods in the interface.
So we don't need to do any additional work,
but we do need to say extends.
ReactiveMongoRepository.
Recipe.
String.
And one more character there.
So now that is happy.
And we have our two repositories to find.
The next part of the assignment
was to come in here to the bootstrap.
And we're gonna do the same thing here.
And this isn't permanent code,
so we're getting a little relaxed with it.
There's our category.
And let's rename this one.
So that's just reactiveRepository.
That's gonna get confusing as to which one we're using,
so I'm gonna come in and Refactor that.
So I can come down to Refactor, rename.
And thank you intelligence, we'll take that.
You can see that by doing the refactor there,
it also changed it down here.
So we're reusing it.
So we wanna autowire that in.
And let's do the same thing for recipe.
And also autowire that in.
So change this to UOM count.
And again, I'm using the error
just to make sure that it does get outputted.
We do have debug going,
but sometimes when you're doing something like this,
it's kind of handy to use the error output.
That almost is always configured for your debugger.
I mean your logging output.
Now we're gonna concatenate the categoryReactiveRepository.findAll()
.
And actually we wanna count, I'm sorry.
count, and that's gonna return back a Mono Long.
And then we need to do a block.
And then toString.
So toString function I don't think would work directly.
Actually, I'm gonna experiment with that.
Let's see here, we want
I'm curious to see what that output's there.
This is my own curiosity.
We're probably going to have
to change that and do a block,
but let's go ahead and run this now.
I'm curious to see what this line
actually outputs here.
So we got UOM count.
Yep, just as I expected.
So this one is an important learning feature.
So we got a UOM Count of 8.
Category Count of 4.
And then we get a Mono,
a description of that.
So it's important to do a block function.
So lets go ahead and do that.
And dot.
And lets rerun this and get a count of the recipe.
So we should have two recipes there.
And now we got exactly what we expected.
So UOM Count of 8.
Category Count of 4,
Recipe Count of 2.
And this video's getting a little long,
and we still have one more assignment.
It's to create the integration test.
I'm gonna pause this video for a second
and set up the integration test
so this video does not get too long.
Okay, I've jumped ahead and went ahead
and wrote the integration test.
And a couple things here that I want to point out.
Let's take a look at this test here.
And what it's doing is I'm testing the recipe save.
So I create a recipe, then I call the repository save,
get the count, and this is actually going to error out.
So I'm going to run it and show you the error.
Now take a look here.
And what you are seeing is we're doing a save,
but what happens here implicitly,
is the save is gonna act reactively,
so we pass it in, but there's no pressure on it.
No subscriber, so, what we wanna do is add in a block.
And now that's gonna force it to save.
So now when I run this again,
we'll see that does actually complete properly.
So that little block there,
it's gonna take some getting used to
once you start working with the reactive streams.
Just remember to do that block.
Because that block is kind of what triggers
that whole reactive train to take off.
And something that we also need to be rather careful with.
Let's take a quick look at the others here.
Here on line 39, I'm doing a testFindByDescription,
so I create the object, I save it,
and I block it again.
Now, to get it back, I go back to the reactive repository,
and I do a findByDescription.
You can see again I'm doing the block.
And here I'm making sure the id is not null.
So the id value is getting set by MongoDB upon persistence.
I could, in theory, update that check
and make sure I'm getting the full value back.
And let's take a look at the unit of measure test here.
I'm playing around with the each.
And let's go in.
And one thing I like to do,
is right now I've got each in four different spots.
And I can come in and say Refactor.
I'm gonna show you a little bit
of inside IntelliJ.
And I wanna extract that out to a Constant.
So I'm gonna do that.
And say EACH.
And now I'm getting asked,
do I want to replace all occurrences.
And I'll say yes.
And we'll call it EACH.
I'm just gonna hit enter here.
And now you can see up here on line 17,
we have a static final String of EACH,
and now that's not gonna change anywhere.
So let's go ahead and run this and make sure
it does in fact run.
And that's a much better way to handle that.
When you have the Strings,
and you're using them in
multiple places with the same value,
you don't wanna have
some kind of accidental mistake,
where one change slightly can
definitely throw your tests off.
But that's a good way to set up a static value.
Let's go ahead and make sure that
all our tests are running properly now.
And what we did is we added in about five or six
new reactive tests, and these are integration tests.
So just to remind you that we are bringing up
the Mongo database slice.
We get an embedded Mongo instances brought up
in a very limited Spring context,
where it has to run it.
And we can see now we have 72 tests.
And I do have one ignored test,
and I know what that is.
And I will fix that before I check that in.
So you can see that these reactive types
do take a little bit of getting used to.
In the next video, we are going to
be starting to work with the service layers,
so we'll be working with these reactive types even more.
(metal clanging)
Okay, one other thing I am going to do.
So the problem that we had,
I still had this commented out.
I forgot to port it over from the previous project,
where had a different repository,
so I do have the original UnitOfMeasureTest running.
But the problem is it started
throwing some NPE errors on me.
So I'm gonna change it at this time.
The bootstrap class,
I'm actually gonna remove the stuff here.
Because I think we have enough examples, now,
of the reactive stuff,
so I'm gonna go ahead and delete this
and commit into our stream of branches here in GitHub.
So we now longer need that.
I think we have a pretty solid example,
and I'm gonna go ahead and run that,
make sure that everything runs,
and we'll have our previous integration test restored.
And good examples there.
I didn't want you to get messed up when you see
that the little logging statements we got have been deleted.
So now we are all set,
and we will continue on.
Next video, we're gonna look
at starting to address the service layer.